---
layout: page
title: Research
permalink: /JaewonYoo/Research/
---

#### Publication:
* Jaewon Yoo, Hyunsik Park & Wonjoon Kim (2017): Compromise effect and consideration set size in consumer decision-making, _Applied Economics Letters_, DOI: [10.1080/13504851.2017.1340567](http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/13504851.2017.1340567)

#### Working papers:
* "Mobile payments revolution: the impact of third party mobile payments on customer mobile purchase behavior" with Wonjoon Kim, Minki Kim, and Yuxin Chen. Preparing for submission at _Marketing Science_
  * __Abstract__  The advent of the digitized economy is changing the payment landscape as we know it. Incorporating new body-mapping technologies such as fingerprint scanning, third-party mobile payments, e.g., Google pay, WeChat pay, and Kakao pay, are gathering a strong customer base. These newly emerging mobile payment services, from the users’ standpoint, bring about a substantial shift in their transaction experience as they require fewer tasks to be completed in comparison to the incumbent payment options such as credit card. Drawing from the transaction cost theory and the literature on consumer psychology, this paper delineates and empirically analyzes the behavioral consequences of the third-party mobile payments under the setting where the customers purchase books in offline stores using their mobile phones. The results confirm that the adoption of a third-party mobile payment significantly increases consumer spending, consumption variety, and bestseller consumption, but decreases concentration on personal favorites. Also, supplementary analyses reveal that there is heterogeneity in the treatment effects and that these effects are not driven by the customers simply migrating from other channels. We discuss the implications for consumers and suppliers of the third-party mobile payments.

* "Overcoming the challenges of mobile marketing: mobile content marketing in a distracted world" with Seokjoon Yoon, Minki Kim, Wonjoon Kim, Minsok Lee. Under the 1<sup>st</sup> round review at _Journal of Marketing Research_
  * __Abstract__  Mobile marketing, despite its popularity among marketers, has yet to overcome the persistent challenges of consumer apathy and short attention span, thus resulting in low engagement and conversion. Although mobile content marketing (MCM) has emerged as an alternative solution to such challenges in practice, academic research on the effectiveness and strategies of MCM is still in its infancy. This study aims to investigate the causal impact of MCM on customer engagement and sales. To this end, we conducted a randomized controlled trial in close collaboration with both a book retailer and a large number of publishers. We empirically confirm the effectiveness of MCM by showing that it is capable of increasing both customer engagement (e.g., higher check-in rate) and sales revenue (e.g., higher click-through and sales conversion), but its success is largely determined by the quality of the content being used. Our findings confirm that MCM can backfire if not implemented properly. While informative and entertaining content is consumed more, entertaining content that better sustains readers' attention can be even more effective.

* "Helping hands to bear the burden of choice: recommendations from similar, but not close, others reduce choice difficulty" with Wonjoon Kim and Joshua M. Ackerman. Reject and resubmit at _Journal of Marketing_
  * __Abstract__  The introduction of the Internet generated two significant developments for consumers; the emergence of social network services and relentlessly increasing product variety. However, recent research has highlighted the negative consequences of extensive choice variety and how it overloads cognition. Three experimental studies and a pilot study show that social recommendations appearing in the choice context mitigate assortment-driven choice difficulty, thereby eliminating choice overload effects. Interestingly, this effect is moderated by the similarity, but not by the felt social distance, between the recommendation provider and the chooser. In other words, consumers who are burdened by choice difficulty are more likely to choose the alternative recommended by similar others, which allows them to reduce the difficulty of evaluating other options available in the assortment---an activity that can produce dissatisfaction and choice deferral.

#### Work-in-Progress:
* "The dark side of digitization: the impact of online intermediaries on the Distribution of New Narcotics" with Namil Kim, Yuxin chen, and Wonjoon Kim (Data analysis in progress)

##### ORCID ID: [0000-0003-1582-0020](http://orcid.org/0000-0003-1582-0020) Researcher ID: [O-7574-2017](http://www.researcherid.com/Workspace.action)
